this is going to be a review or overview
of the Corsair k70 mechanical keyboard
as you can see from the video it has a
all-metal construction and it actually
comes in three colors it comes in a
silver a gunmetal and black this is the
gunmetal color and it comes in a few
different key combinations this one
being the Cherry MX brown which offer a
tactile feel with low noise even though
it is pretty noisy because it's a
mechanical keyboard but I'll show you
the typing sound in just a second to
help you choose which key you would want
to buy to take the key off it comes with
a little tool that you could use to
remove them or it comes off simply with
a pull of a finger as you can see and
here you can see the Cherry MX brown key
as soon as it focuses and that's what it
looks like obviously the blue and red or
what other color that you get is going
to be corresponding to the key but once
the cap is on you cannot actually see
what color it is it has a few options
over here for the button all the way on
the Left changes which key is lip which
I'll demonstrate in a second a
brightness setting for the backlighting
and a Windows lock button so you don't
accidentally hit the windows button
while you're playing a game right now
the light is in the off mode if you
don't want to see light if you click
this button once it'll light up
what a dull blue the specific keyboard
only has one color which is blue if you
click it again and look at a little bit
brighter and again for the brightest
setting which is very right and almost
difficult to type on once again and it's
off now if you click it and leave the
light on and you click this button you
can see that only the buttons that I
have set are actually staying lit which
I predefined to set these you want to
hold down this button
for a few seconds and you'll see the
other buttons reach maximum brightness
from here you can click any key that you
want and it will stay lit or unclick
them and it will not stay lit if you
hold this down for another second it'll
save those settings and if you plan on
gaming you can leave just the keys that
you want lit lit as you can see there
how the glow is if I cover the light it
also comes with red WASD keys which are
textured so you can feel them as you're
game and it'll grip your fingers a
little bit better they also have
textured 1 2 3 4 5 6 keys but the issue
with them is it does not have the
symbols such as the exclamation point at
and asterisks and such on the red keys
so I tend to leave it as this become a
question that people wonder is are those
textured keys difficult to type on if
you're not gaming and the answer that is
no it's actually fine you don't really
notice them you actually get kind of
used to it up here you have your media
controls pause rewind fast-forward I
mean play fast-forward and a sound
rocker wheel which is really nice works
really well and that brings me to my
next point people ask does it work on
Mac yes as you can see as I turn the
wheel the volume goes up and down and it
it's actually a pretty useful feature
with the mute button next to it you
could use to mute and unmute your
computer whether you're on Mac or
Windows it also comes with a removable
palm rest which I find very comfortable
to type with and on the back
see if there is a USB pass-through as
well as a switch that on older computers
it has a bio switch which you can use to
set if you want for compatibility if
you're trying to get into your BIOS from
the main screen I have yet to touch it
it works out at the out of the box from
the factory that way and it is perfect
so let me set the camera up and I'll
give you guys a typing demonstration and
you can hear what the Cherry MX brown
keys sound like alright I've set up my
microphone so now I'm gonna do a typing
demonstration so you can see what the
Cherry MX brown keys sound like using
the corsair k70 keyboard and hopefully
this could help you make a decision
whether you prefer the Cherry MX browns
blues reds or what other whatever other
combination that this keyboard does come
in so I'm gonna lay the microphone down
close to the keyboard and hopefully you
get an idea